Add alt text to documentation (#12879)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/user/toc.rst

Here is an animation showing the table of content use with a notebook:

.. image:: ./images/toc/toc.gif

>     :alt: A GIF displaying how to use the table of contents feature within a notebook. It toggles which cells types are lsited as well as expanding and collapsing headings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    :alt: A GIF displaying how to use the table of contents feature within a notebook. It toggles which cells types are listed and toggles expanding and collapsing headings.
```

typo + clarity for ESL

showing its use:

.. image:: ./images/toc/numberingH1.gif

>     :alt:A GIF showing how to toggle Automatic section numbering for headings within a notebook. Clicking the button instantly applies multilevel numbering to each heading.

Reviewer: Space is needed see https://jupyterlab--12879.org.readthedocs.build/en/12879/user/toc.html

```suggestion
    :alt: A GIF showing how to toggle Automatic section numbering for headings within a notebook. Clicking the button instantly applies multilevel numbering to each heading.
```

![Screenshot from 2022-07-31 15-02-04](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5832902/182029958-e4743975-9d69-428e-b34d-468428fe8064.png)
